Add licensing info (#1848)
flowforge/flowforge: docs/admin/licensing.md

# FlowForge Licensing

## Open-Source

> FlowForge is Open Source and is free to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FlowForge's open-source edition is free to use.
```

It is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

> ## Features

Author: @ZJ, I decided to leave the text as was but added the link to pricing (for up-to-date info)

Resolved in [dcded45](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge/pull/1848/commits/dcded4595e679b96dde8189743a04a92c20c8292) 

I will re-request review shortly.

Thanks.
